Support IP Type of Service / Traffic Class: --ip-tos (#13606)
curl/curl: docs/cmdline-opts/ip-tos.md

---
c: Copyright (C) Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
SPDX-License-Identifier: curl
Long: ip-tos
Arg: <string>

> Help: Configure IP Type of Service (TOS) or Traffic Class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help: Set IP Type of Service or Traffic Class
```

We want this phrase to be as short and succinct as possible

Author: Done
